Clean the pyqgis nitpick list from conf.py file (#3687)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/pyqgis_developer_cookbook/plugins/ide_debugging.rst

* Make a copy of :file:`qgis-unstable.bat` and rename it ``pyscripter.bat``.
* Open it in an editor. And remove the last line, the one that starts QGIS.
* Add a line that points to your Pyscripter executable and add the

>   commandline argument that sets the version of Python to be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  command line argument that sets the version of Python to be used
```
